What does it have to do with missing my sister?
Madam, it's time to take medicine
How many years have you been in our house, Tiantian?
Three years, ma'am.
Why do you suddenly ask this?
It's okay, just ask casually
But I may be confused
How can I remember?
I miss you, you didn't wear makeup before.
Here we go.
Hello, come in quickly.
Your name is Wei Xiaonian, right?
I have read your profile
You are two years older than me.
Then I will call you Sister Xiao Nian
Madam, is this not good?
Yeah.
We will be a family in the future, don't be nervous.
Hey
Then I will do my best to take care of this family
Take care of you
Thank you. That's your room over there.
You go and put down your things and rest
Husband, are you satisfied with the nanny I found?
It doesn't look like a big problem
But he is too young, I am afraid of him
Can't take care of you
He's the gold nanny I paid a lot of money for
Okay, okay, it's up to you.
Anyway, I'm looking for a nanny to take care of you
As long as you are happy, I know my husband loves me the most.
That
madam
Madam, why don't you take the medicine first?
Coach, have you ever thought about it?
Do you want to replace me?